---
layout: post
title: Code is Challenging
---

In mid August when I started I was completely unprepared for the road that lied
ahead. I had looked into coding, mostly HTML which for the most part seemed easy.
The first or two I was submitting checkpoint like hot cakes, I thought I'd be done
in no time. Then we started the command line, uh oh, I was stuck for a day ...
or two. I made it through though and now use it like a boss, sorta. Next up was
JavaScript, the thorn in my side. I have struggled with JavaScript since the first
checkpoint. I've tried books, apps, online coding programs. I always feel like I'm looking at jibberish.
My brain doesn't always compute JavaScript they way I'd like but you
have to begin retraining yourself in how you think. I'd like to say that the
struggle is over, but it isn't. JavaScript is hard, it's a new language and
new way of thinking. It's so hard to be a adult learner because we expect
ourselves to understand things in a short period of time.
I failed my first assessment, a lot of it having to do with my lack of JavaScript
knowledge. I've learned that failure is common with learning to code and not to back
down just because you failed. It's now January, 4 months later, JavaScript is
still hard but I can explain the code to someone new and it still make sense.
Which to me is a achievement. I've gotten to where I can explain the problem with some help
and then write the code with a little bit of google-ing. It's not ideal but the
only way to learn is by trying to see what works and what doesn't.
The interesting thing about being a web developer is that
there are so many resources online to help you better yourself at code. The advice
I heard from everyone is "Google is your friend" I never knew how true that was
until I started this class. It's so crazy to search pretty much any problem you're
having and to be able to find a starting point of fixing your code. In the end
I'll figure JavaScript out and learn how to use it without assistance, one day, in
the near future hopefully.
