---
layout: post
title: My Experience with Coding 
---
My journey to Bloc started in March of 2017. I had been interested in "coding"
for a while but I really didn't know where to begin. *cue friend who just
happens to be in a boot camp*. Said friend tells me that the boot camp is local and
part time *YAS*! The next day I follow up and submit an application of sorts to
the boot camp. Counselor's are following up with me within a couple of days and
everything is on the right track - or so I thought. Every applicant has to take
an online quiz that test your logic, I pass it and on to the next step - the interview.
I'm very anxious, it was late on a Friday and I'm awaiting a call from someone
that holds my future in their hand. I'll never forget the "logic" question that
was asked of me. "You have two hundred books in a library to move within 8 hours
and they have to be arranged in alphabetically within category. You can't use any
outside items or magic to make this happen, how would you do it." In my head I'm
thinking well, of course, I'll use a cart - but wait - I can't use any outside items.
I tell the counselor that I would arrange the books and carry as many as I could
to their destination. She sounds really disappointed and I know I've bombed. This
phone call was supposed to last for 30 minutes, mine only lasted 10 minutes. I knew
I failed. I waited for a few days and received a phone call that I hadn't been
accepted, I wasn't what they were looking for - they need more tech orientated
people in their class *even though said friend in boot camp had no prior tech
experience*. I was heart broken *not to mention this was just a few days
before my birthday*. How was I ever supposed to move into a new career? After
several months of unrest I started to take career test to find a field that I
fit into. I took two or three and all said the same thing, "Web developer". Maybe
it was fate, maybe I thought it into existence. I continued to look for a boot camp
that fit my me. I stumbled upon Bloc in July of 2017 and set up an interview.
It was a humid, rainy Friday afternoon when Savannah from Bloc called me. She was
very polite and interested in my story - not what my "logic" was. She told me that
how awesome it was that I persisted to find a boot camp even though I had been turned
down. I was shocked at how willingly Bloc was to take on folks with prior knowledge -
in fact this is what they want. Savannah told me I was ready to go and we went
through all the paperwork. My start date was mid August and I was ready to learn
but I was completely unprepared for how hard it would be.
